[Music]
hi
hello and welcome back to another video
i hope you're having a
lovely day in today's one i'm going to
be showing you
three different high protein baked oats
recipes i posted on my instagram
absolutely
ages ago and it's been in my ebook and
everything i thought it was really good
timing as well because
in the colder months i just think baked
oats just like the most like
heartwarming
breakfast to start your day with so i'll
just jump straight into it before you do
anything
if you could hit this video with a like
it really supports and
helps my channel so you just want to
start by preheating your oven to 180
degrees
so the first recipe that is coming up is
baked brownie batter oats with
the melted chocolate goodness you are
going to need some oats i'm just using
these rolled large roast some protein
you could use whatever you have in
i'm using the chocolate brownie flavor
and this is my phd i'll leave those
links down below
some hot chocolate powder you could use
cacao powder or like any sort of hot
chocolate powder you prefer that you've
got in the cupboard
then some peanut butter or any nut
butter of choice
some baking powder and some milk of
choice i'm just using
this almond unsweetened this fry like
one cow
spray in coconut oil is so good for
putting in like the bottom of your tray
or ramekin or whatever it just prevents
it from
you know like sticking to the surface
with any oats recipes they're just so
quick and easy so i'm literally just
going to measure
these all out with my kitchen scales and
mix together you can do it in one bowl
as well like the bowl that you're
planning on cooking it in the oven with
there's 40 grams of oats and
20 grams of the brownie protein
and i'm using 10 grams of hot chocolate
powder i'm using the options one but you
could use like cacao powder as well
a quarter of a teaspoon of baking powder
and
20 grams of smooth peanut butter or
whatever nut butter you've got
and 120 grams of unsweetened almond milk
you may need to add slightly more or
slightly less milk just depending on
whatever protein
you're using and then i'm just adding 10
grams of
milk chocolate drops on top you could
just add whatever toppings you prefer
any fruit i'm popping that in the oven
for 25
minutes on 180 so here are the finished
brownie batter baked doughs i've left
them to cool for like 10 minutes on the
side and just to mention
these are the macros for the full
serving
so here is the thinnest chocolate
brownie oats i love them in
like a round bowl at the moment for some
reason these have turned out
so nice like it just looks like a big
brownie
um i'll make sure i've popped the macros
on the screen
but the best thing about these as well
is that you can cook them to how you
prefer like say if you prefer things
more sort of like runny or like gooey
then
obviously you can just bake them for
less time whereas i prefer
these things are a bit like more like
cakey for me this would be like one
whole
serving but depending on that if you
have it as a snack or anything like that
you could obviously just break it up
in two separate servings and store in
the fridge or freezer for later
anything like that and then i just
thought i'd quickly show you how you can
also like slice them up in
to smaller bites so that you could take
them with you on the go like as a snack
or like something like a pre post
workout snack next up is the banana and
berry oats
and for this of course gonna need 40
grams of
oats some protein i'm using the diet way
in cookies and cream flavor this time i
do like to mix up the flavors just as
just make you know makes things taste a
bit differently one whole
banana which i'm just going to mash up
the aurora the aurora
the riper the better some blueberries as
well i just prefer to use
frozen i just think they're way easier
like to keep ripe and just at hand
some vanilla extract some almond milk
chocolate chips you could use whatever
you have in or like chocolate chunks
some egg white i'm just gonna start by
mashing up
one whole banana
120 grams of
banana
and then just measuring out 40 grams of
oats i do generally start like dry
ingredients but
this the best part of this you can just
literally throw it all in one
so i'm using 20 grams of the cookies and
cream protein
a quarter teaspoon of baking powder one
to two teaspoons of vanilla extract
and then just mixing in the mashed
banana as well as 50 grams of frozen
blueberries you could obviously use
unfrozen too
and then 45 grams of egg white from a
carton you could also use like obviously
just a normal
like one to two egg whites from a
natural egg
and then 120 grams of almond milk i'd
say add this gradually if you're using a
different
protein to myself just as a consistency
may be different
mixing that together and popping some
almond flakes on top and
five grams of the chocolate drops and
just popping that in the oven
for about 25 minutes and
voila so there are the macros which are
actually quite similar to
the chocolate brownie ones just to note
those macros don't include the
peanut butter that i just popped on the
top so i thought i would slice these
ones
into like little flapjack sections just
so that you can kind of
get an idea for like different ways you
could use
and make the oats
so here's the blueberry and banana one
my god
this just tastes amazing you could also
have it with yogurt or like i say like
separately and have them as like snacks
on the
go
just like the perfect consistency
it smells so good i've also popped a
little bit of sugar-free syrup
on the top and of course some peanut
butter
and these are like little almond flakes
which just optional toppings i guess
this was a little bit um this took us
slightly longer to cook because
obviously it's a smaller dish so
it was kind of thicker it looks like
cookie dough and
just tastes insane i love the little
chocolate drops as well
in this kind of thing you can make these
into like little flapjack kind of sizes
just by
squaring them off the final recipe which
is white chocolate and strawberry baked
oats
some more oats a protein you could use
literally
any flavor you have got in i am using
strawberry delight but
a vanilla or lifetime anything like
cookies and cream or plain
would also work the same this is in the
way isolate version
some frozen strawberries so i just
literally just pick
the strawberries out the pack and
obviously like slice them into little
chunks
some baking powder applesauce you could
use sweetened or unsweetened
and a little bit of coconut oil as well
as some milk
[Music]
i've just measured out 60 grams of
strawberries i'm just going to cut these
into little
tinier chunks
half a teaspoon of coconut oil so about
five grams of coconut just
going to microwave that real quickly and
then
we measure out another 40 grams of the
oats i love the like plastic
plastic containers to store my own super
useful
and then 20 grams of strawberry delight
protein
a tablespoon which is 20 grams of the
apple sauce
i'm just popping my strawberry chunks in
to ramekin
quarter of a teaspoon of baking powder
120 grams
of milk and then i'm just mixing that
together adding in the melted coconut
oil from the microwave
as well as a teaspoon of vanilla extract
i don't think it made that much
difference to be honest
and popping that in to bake in the oven
that one takes a little bit longer
because it is a deeper dish
so this one took about half an hour to
cook and it was super
gooey in the middle i'm literally going
to make this again now
i'm trying to pick a favorite and i
really don't know it's so hard they all
taste so nice
and they're like different flavors with
like the different proteins
and last but not least this is still
quite hot so this is a deeper dish i've
not
cooked this like as crispy as the others
shall we say like it's a little bit
fudgy in the middle as i just
that's what gone for the deeper dish as
well i really like strawberries
in my oats at the moment so this is a
really good shout out if you haven't
tried it before
so here we have it the finished bait
totes i love these because
they're super high volume just to
mention as well i say if you're someone
who struggles with their protein intake
generally like
these are just such a good little way of
getting things
in and they just taste so nice that i
personally don't think
they taste like a chemical can a
chemical kind of like protein taste i'll
leave in the description of my
links to like the protein that i used
and any discounts that i have things
like that
i just spent the past five minutes just
devouring
all of these and i'm trying to decide
which one is my favorite
i think it is between the chocolate
brownie one
and the banana blueberry
it's tough tough decision but anyway i
really hope
you enjoyed this video do let me know if
there's any other videos
you would like to see next and um
if you want already i'd love you to join
the fam by subscribing
to my channel and i'll see you guys in
the next
video